feat(ipa): IPA Package config, docs and release workflow (#855)
mongodb/openapi: tools/spectral/ipa/CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing to MongoDB IPA Validation

Reviewer: Can you flag the new content?

Author: Lines 71-77. Thank you for flagging, I'll keep that in mind for the future

- Helper/util functions are tested as well, see [/\_\_tests\_\_/utils](https://github.com/mongodb/openapi/tree/main/tools/spectral/ipa/__tests__/utils)

Install necessary dependencies with `npm install` if you haven't already. All Jest tests can be run with:

```
npm run test
```

To run a single test, in this case `singletonHasNoId.test.js`:

```
npm run test -- singletonHasNoId
```
---

## Code Style

- Use [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) for code formatting

```
npx prettier . --write
```

- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) is being used for linting
---

## Pull Request Checklist

- [ ] Ensure that code builds and CI tests pass
- [ ] Add or update unit tests as needed
- [ ] Update documentation (if applicable)
- [ ] Ensure that PR title is conventional and scoped to IPA (ie: `fix(ipa): my fix`)

```
npm run gen-ipa-docs
```

- [ ] Reference related issues (e.g., Closes #123)

> #### For IPA Package version bump

Author: I've updated it to be a separate checklist, let me know if I missed anything

> A new version of the IPA package will be released when the version is bumped. Before merging, please run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new version of the IPA package will be released when the version in package.json is changed. Before merging, please run
```

```
npm run gen-ipa-changelog
```

> and commit the changes. The changelog must only be updated alongside a version bump.

Reviewer: Can we check that as part of the release job?

Reviewer: Alternatively what I used to do is to run job from tag:
1. User creates tag/release.
2. Job runs to create PR with version change and change log. 
3. Once merged package is published and changelog in release notes updated

Author: The changelog is checked on pull requests by `.github/workflows/ipa-changelog.yml` after that given pull request is merged, it triggers the release workflow. I didn't know about tags until these PR comments! I wish I'd known sooner

- [ ] Reference related issues (e.g., Closes #123)

---

## IPA Package Release

A new version of the IPA package will be released when the version in the package.json is changed. To release a new version:

- [ ] Determine whether your update is [major/minor/patch] following [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/)
- [ ] Update the version number in package.json
- [ ] Run `npm run gen-ipa-changelog` and commit the changes.

> - [ ] Open a PR and ensure the title is conventional and scoped to IPA (ie: `ci(ipa): new version`)

Reviewer: >  I made the assumption here that a version bump will have been reviewed internally given commit history.

IMHI Author owns the bump decision. Otherwise you would have all reviewers duplicating the work of author to validate version bumps
